docs: update guidelines to mention minutes instead of words (#37603)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: CONTRIBUTING.md

freeCodeCamp.org is possible, thanks to thousands of kind volunteers like you. We are grateful for your contributions and are excited to welcome you aboard.

> We strictly enforce our ["Code of Conduct"](https://www.freecodecamp.org/code-of-conduct). Please take a moment to read it. It's only 197 words long.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We strictly enforce our ["Code of Conduct"](https://www.freecodecamp.org/code-of-conduct). Please take a moment to read it. It takes only two minutes to read.
```

Reviewer 2: So we are treating hyphenated words as two words?

Reviewer 3: It doesn't matter.

Reviewer 2: It think it is if we are going through the trouble of even mentioning how many words there are in the COC.

Reviewer: Please see the suggested changes.
